---
title: Hello, I am Rheinard. I am a Software Engineer.
hideTitle: true
seoTitle: Software Engineer and Architect
seoDescription: I’m Rheinard Korf. I work remotely doing things that interest me.
---

# Hello, I'm Rheinard.

I am a software engineer and architect working on enterprise solutions. I have been fortunate to work with various languages, deployment stacks and development models.

In this site I will attempt to capture as many of my thoughts, ideas, and learnings as possible. I hope that they may benefit you also.

Let's kick it off:

* Building a personal site is hard, but I'm [[overcoming the complexity]].
* I have adopted the no-blog blogging trend by [[building my digital garden]].
* I have had so many restarts, its time to [[put the past in the behind]].
* The origin story of my strange blood orange logo: [[What does the fox say?]]
* Here are some reasons why I chose [[Foam as my content engine]]
* Lofty ambitions to change an ecosystem while [[building Tide for WordPress]] with Go.
* Been working remote for a few years now (pre-Covid). Here is [[a peek into my workspace]].
<!-- * My notes on [[Building for Web3]]. -->
<!-- * How I started [[building a digital garden with vscode and 11ty]]. -->
<!-- * When the SDK is outdate, maybe you can [[use WordPress as a trusted proxy for an existing API]]. -->
<!-- * [[Developing communication tools for schools]] almost sent me down the gurgler. -->
<!-- * Things would've been so much easier had I known about [[domain-driven development]]. -->
<!-- * If you're not careful you might find yourself [[building an Intranet with WordPress Multisite]]. -->

I also have a list of [[random notes]] for things that don't have a home yet.

[[scratchpad]] of Twitter bookmarked links.

~~I've re-discovered an interest in Go, so checkout my [[Go Development Notes]].~~



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[overcoming the complexity]: overcoming-the-complexity "overcoming the complexity"
[building my digital garden]: building-my-digital-garden "building my digital garden"
[put the past in the behind]: put-the-past-in-the-behind "put the past in the behind"
[What does the fox say?]: what-does-the-fox-say "What does the fox say?"
[Foam as my content engine]: foam-as-my-content-engine "Foam as my content engine"
[building Tide for WordPress]: building-tide-for-wordpress "building Tide for WordPress"
[a peek into my workspace]: a-peek-into-my-workspace "a peek into my workspace"
[Building for Web3]: building-for-web3 "Building for Web3"
[building a digital garden with vscode and 11ty]: building-a-digital-garden-with-vscode-and-11ty "building a digital garden with vscode and 11ty"
[use WordPress as a trusted proxy for an existing API]: use-wordpress-as-a-trusted-proxy-for-an-existing-api "use WordPress as a trusted proxy for an existing API"
[Developing communication tools for schools]: developing-communication-tools-for-schools "Developing communication tools for schools"
[domain-driven development]: domain-driven-development "domain-driven development"
[building an Intranet with WordPress Multisite]: building-an-intranet-with-wordpress-multisite "building an Intranet with WordPress Multisite"
[random notes]: random-notes "random notes"
[scratchpad]: scratchpad "scratchpad"
[Go Development Notes]: go-development-notes "Go Development Notes"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"